chore: explain how RouteScope can be used instead of ViewScope (#495)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/mpr/introduction/3-spring-boot.asciidoc

Any `@SpringView` should be updated to a Flow Route by wrapping them as a `MprRouteAdapter<? extends View>`
or re-writing it to be a Flow Component. See <<3-navigator#no-navigator,Upgrading Views to Flow Routes>> for details.

> The easiest way to migrate Spring views is to use Flow `@Route` navigation target 

Author: _should be updated_ means that we suggest the _most preferable_ or the only one way of doing the things.

The previous sentence suggest  `MprRouteAdapter` as one way and then there is _OR_.

I'm trying to explain here that the first suggestion is the _easiest_.

> component which wraps the view via `MprRouteAdapter<? extends View>`. There is no 

Reviewer: > There is no need to annotate Flow navigation target or `View` anyhow.

But it requires at least `@Route` annotation, or what is the purpose of this sentence? Could you please clarify more.

Author: It says that there is no need to use _EXTRA_ annotations.
As it requires in FW8 case.

> The easiest way to migrate Spring views is to use Flow `@Route` navigation target 
> component which wraps the view via `MprRouteAdapter<? extends View>`. There is no 
> need to annotate Flow navigation target or `View` anyhow.
> Starting from Vaadin 21 `@RouteScope`  without `@RouteScopeOwner` annotation can
> be used as a replacement for `@ViewScope`. The bean within `@RouteScope` 
> (without specified `@RouteScopeOwner`) stays preserved until the current 
> navigation target/view is active (attached). It's possible to use `@RouteScopeOwner` 
> of course explicitly but that requires one extra line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The easiest way to migrate Spring views is to wrap them in `MprRouteAdapter<? extends View>` and then define a Flow navigation target for them with [classname]#@Route#.
There is no need to annotate Flow navigation target or `View` anyhow.
Starting from Vaadin 21, [classname]#@RouteScope#  without [classname]#@RouteScopeOwner# annotation can be used as a replacement for [classname]#@ViewScope#.
The bean within [classname]#@RouteScope# (without specified [classname]#@RouteScopeOwner#) stays preserved until the current navigation target/view is active (attached).
It is possible to use [classname]#@RouteScopeOwner# explicitly, but that requires an extra line.
```
Edited to one-sentence-per-line, but I don't understand the meaning of the "no need to annotate ... anyhow" sentence. "Anyhow" looks really odd there. I couldn't understand the first line either, but here's my wild guess. Please check and correct. Vaadin version references should be avoided and the version tag used. You may need to restructure the text to use one.

Author: First line:
- there are several ways to use old FW8 views in Flow (along with Navigator). This sentence is based on an existing sentence above : Any @SpringView should be updated to a Flow Route by wrapping them as a MprRouteAdapter<? extends View> or re-writing it to be a Flow Component. See Upgrading Views to Flow Routes for details.
- it just chooses the one way of migrating as the simplest.

`anyhow`: my English skills are terrible so it might be that this word cannot be used here. It's fine.
What I wanted to say : there is no need to add some extra annotation to a Flow navigation target or View.

> Here is an example of using `@RouteScope`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following is an example of using [classname]#@RouteScope#:
```
